https://github.com/Kevin-Robertson/Invoke-TheHash
^ windows fsconnect and smb share and see what else makes sense - its only to add security or a requirement otherwise nvm

https://www.netspi.com/blog/technical-blog/network-pentesting/exploiting-adidns/
....not new but unrelated at least we can do an entire forest AD restore now which knock on wood is actually a huge deal especially if it was like 2016 lol jk now its ... theres only 5 companies that offer hosting services. thats about to change though I predict haha almost easy to say at this point aside form the costs but either way the subscription model just tricks you into not noticiing how much it is - unrelated but kinda related in terms of might as well literally not allow join of an ad forest with the same stuff they use in it which maybe can be determined by something arbitrary like check if ou struct default or less than x number of non default objects added not sure..
https://github.com/Kevin-Robertson/Powermad
^and even if not joined to pri ad domain..... theres all sorts of stuff. if done right itd be like one multi thousand dollar machine on like each floor or 1 per smb to start. <-def worth researching that if theres any data on that (eg "creative people" and developres usually have macs, most otherwise people in corporate america prefer windows. no one honest has ever said they prefer linux its just a flex to not be slowed down by it with start x

tldr
finish the features and sec.md doc, verify / stress test it and see if anything breaks
do the equivalent of what initially was done with the verification of no telemetry (disable all non cyclaw or account for whatever like a mac call home and only way would be like use the shit out of it with wireshark or honestly mac prob has a builtin tool for windows tcpview anyways while using it check then leave like a 9 day monitor that logs all traffic to public ip and 31 days would be better but if timed for a windows patch tuesday 7-9 days is fine to at least personally feel confident that these theives (Big tech or really anyone who can track) arent robbin the people they already lobby to steal from (not always.... ha.) 
^re-wright that later thats is barely even legible but the idea if if it cannot be broken by using it like a monkey and there legit still is no network traffic that I cant explain for extended time its legit whether they agree or not haha but they may not just depends on a) do they actually think ai will be used for serious shit in that realm and b) does someone make something better soon (no theyd focus on enterprise but who knows) or does lies/bad marketing win? ie whatever ai is hosted on [cloud] that has had some copilot cve issues lets just say. oooo thats something to look into how to use stuff like that without sounding like trashin competition thats much more well known (even if im totally right on the copilot (not for business for whatever use but theyre kinda the same just a charade of better privacy although any compliance frameworks im sure they do have to be honest about. in vibe code era with no gazillion line legacy code base its prob easier to just set it up right then ensure that .. ya know those things with fedramp where its like only the chosen can touch it but its more specified than that haha worth verifying if veeam ever gets their results back on that but cyclaw context I mean maybe but theres several that come to mind first 
more of perception)
finishing thoughts on the remaining big stuff - okay basically end of tech focus for now if I get this far; then mostly demo polish and practice and obviously the whole research thing (not just lawyers in atl also how they work typical budgets for it etc)
